preseason quad tournament
Cougars face the lion with the rain
to know more pink starts to heat
but you have to keep stability
emotional because you can harm
he came laughing and makes a play
divided we got the bad fortune of
play a little the opponent and the referee
take out the red card
will come the next and four or five
months without playing for his mission gave his
first matches in the wake of time
a play
expulsion of darío verón captain of the
college students even more tempers
on the court
stormy almost never discussion and today
very little in this seems a match
official
joaquin finished very hot was a
claim the referee and I went to calm down
the encouragement to try not to let
higher
there is one that saw the row for higher
temporary
for the viewer
so the mind
not only solitos not come tomorrow
I expected
further back and clear patient moment
and since there are jobs not very
graceful then
the start of the regular season the
team returns to the df to resume the
training
for me the best hobby of him
almario and the state that always goes
they are with us
the heart that we deliver in each
match love to the team wins do not lose
and we are in the office of the
coaching staff this is the place where
we do the work meetings